[Autogenerated] in the last module I mentioned that if you were
going to try to deploy your application to Ec two,
you needed to update the I am role to give it the necessary
permissions to access RDS and dynamo DB.
Well now that we are deploying our application to a W.
S.
We need to do this, navigate to the I am dashboard,
select the roles,
menu option on the left and click the Pizza Ec two roll
list entry in the permissions tab.
We need to add policies to give any instances using this
role access to the database services,
click the attached policy button in the policy filter,
type R D S from the results, select amazon Rds full access,
now clear the filter and type dynamo DB in the results
section select amazon dynamodb full access.
Now,
since the Ec two instance is running on elastic
beanstalk we need to add one more policy.
Search for Aws elastic beanstalk web tier and select it.
This will add some permissions for the instance to do things
like pushing logs to S three and logs to cloudwatch Now
click the attached policy button.
Our role should now have four policies.
One for S3 one for RDS,
one for dynamo DB and one for that elastic beanstalk stuff.
We also need to ensure our existing Rds instance is configured
to allow access from our ec two instances.
So navigate to the RDS dashboard then click databases in the
menu and select our Pizza DB instance.
We need to update the security group.
So click this link under Vpc Security groups then in the inbound tab,
go ahead and click on edit if you don't plan on
accessing this database externally anymore,
you can just go ahead and remove the rule giving access to your own ip.
Now click add rule in the type.
Drop down select postgres SQL then in the source input field,
type pizza And select the security group with the label Pizza EC two SG.
Then click save now your instances and elastic
beanstalk have access to the RDS database.
These changes to I am Rolls and security group access will
probably require us to restart the ec two instance.
You can do this easily in the elastic beanstalk environment panel,
go back to the elastic beanstalk dashboard and select Pizza Lovers E N V.
If you don't see a view similar to this one then your
environment is probably still setting up.
So just wait a few more minutes now,
click the actions button in the top right and select restart app servers in
the confirmation modal click restart application servers,
the health icon will change to a loading icon and
your app servers will be restarted.
This could take a couple of minutes but once the green okay icon is
showing it means that your application is ready,
you can use this URL to navigate to your Pizza Lovers
application running an elastic beanstalk,
go through all the actions,
logging in and creating a pizza to confirm that the connections to dynamodb. Rds and S3 are all working in elastic beanstalk.